1. Type this URL https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html on address bar of your browser. 
Click the download link, and select download XAMPP Package then save the xampp-windowsx64-7.1.30-4-VC14-installer executable file on your download folder
2. After the download completes, run the xampp-windows-x64-7.1.30-4-VC14-installer 
application file on your computer then to begin the installation process. If you have previous 
version of XAMPP installed on your computer, you may be prompted to delete the older 
version before continuing.
3. You will see splash screen BITNAMI and display warning alert then Click OK button.
4. You will see setup screen and then Click Next.
5. You will see next screen for select component and you select check boxes for required 
component for server like (Apache , MySQL, FileZilla FTP server, Tomcat), and other 
programming language component like ( PHP, Perl , phpMyAdmin ) then click next.
6. Next screen appear choose the installation folder, by default c:\xampp then Click Next 
button.
7. In the next screen provide Bitnami for xampp free installers that can install Drupal, Joomla, 
WorPress and many other popular open source apps on top of your existing xampp
installation. If your required then click check box otherwise no then Click Next button.
8. The next screen ready to installation then click next button and then start installation process 
on your computer.
9. After installation process complete, you see completing the xampp setup wizard and click 
the finish button.
10. After the select language US or other then select US and Click Save button and will show 
xampp-control panel here you can start and stop services of Apache , MySQL and others apps.
11. We can from here start or stop services of different servers After Apache and MySQL services 
Start
12. Now open up your browser and type “localhost” on URL address bar then you should be 
shown with the following screen. xampp package app index page show on your browser than it mean your xampp app successfully install and configure. Now you start PHP and MySQL 
programming.
After you install the xampp package, you can launch the application as you would any other 
Windows application. Click the start button on the taskbar and select programs XAMP package 
app start. The xampp app icon appears in the system tray on the taskbar. With the application 
running, you can click the xampp packager icon to display available menu option. If you click 
apache or MySQL under the xampp-control panel, you can the verify that service is running.
